    https://codepen.io/ryanrules/pen/yLXepMe
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? Tags that have meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? Markup code to create the skeleton of a page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? This is a label for tags that is put inside the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Main title should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: img (src), a (href)
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata (links, title, scripts, etc)
    7. What is an id? a tag attribute that is only used once
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? a tag attribute that can be used many times
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? alternate text
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section is Semantic, div is not
    17. What is CSS used for? styles
    18. How to we select an element? "element" { }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? id for home button, navigation links get a class
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human { }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? .parent .child { } is useful for targeting multiple child elements within a parent container
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar div a { }
    24. What is a pseudo selector? properties of selectors like :hover
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div { border: 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm (be careful because it doesn't ask to confirm)
    34. Why should I use version control? it allows you to work on copies of the original
    35. How often should I commit to github? commit to git often to save your work
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin 'name'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
                Fork to personal GitHub
                Clone remote repo to local repo in desired directory (cd 'directory'; git clone 'github_link')
                Create new branch (git checkout -b 'name')
                Make changes to file (shortcut to vscode: code .)
                Add changes to staging area in local repo (git add .)
                Commit changes to local repo and add a comment description (git commit -m 'comment')
                Push to remote repo with branch name (git push -u origin 'name')
                Make a pull request on github 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline: stays on one line, block: wraps to next lines
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? absolute position is the browser window
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? display: stretch
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

